com/example/repository/BojRepository.java
 com.example.repository.BojRepository
com/example/vo/ProbTypeVo.java
 com.example.vo.ProbTypeVo
com/example/service/JpaServices.java
 com.example.service.JpaServices
com/example/repository/TestRepository.java
 com.example.repository.TestRepository
com/example/vo/QBojProbType.java
 com.example.vo.QBojProbType
com/example/controller/Test.java
 com.example.controller.Test
com/example/vo/QProbTypeVo.java
 com.example.vo.QProbTypeVo
com/example/repository/BojRepositorySupportImpl.java
 com.example.repository.BojRepositorySupportImpl
com/example/vo/Account.java
 com.example.vo.Account
com/example/demo/DataSourceConfiguration.java
 com.example.demo.DataSourceConfiguration
com/example/service/BojService.java
 com.example.service.BojService
com/example/demo/SpringBootConfiguration.java
 com.example.demo.SpringBootConfiguration
com/example/vo/QTestVo.java
 com.example.vo.QTestVo
com/example/vo/BojDto.java
 com.example.vo.BojDto
com/example/repository/BojRepositorySupport.java
 com.example.repository.BojRepositorySupport
com/example/demo/JsonApiApplication.java
 com.example.demo.JsonApiApplication
com/example/vo/QBojVo.java
 com.example.vo.QBojVo
com/example/vo/TestVo.java
 com.example.vo.TestVo
com/example/repository/ProbTypeRepository.java
 com.example.repository.ProbTypeRepository
com/example/vo/BojVo.java
 com.example.vo.BojVo
com/example/demo/H2ServerConfig.java
 com.example.demo.H2ServerConfig
com/example/vo/BojProbType.java
 com.example.vo.BojProbType
com/example/controller/JsonController.java
 com.example.controller.JsonController
